What's up?
What are you doing?
I just want to know if this is a secret
No? I do. I love you
Wu Qinghai, do you know?
When we first met
I'm thinking of you as an excellent man
I guess I won't look at me more
Maybe we won't miss you at all
We still met
I have been through so much with you
Warm, do you remember the first time we met?
The thing is now
You almost burned me with a cup of tea
I still thought
You maid
How clumsy
But it seems familiar
I know I'm saying this as if I were hitting on a conversation
But I don't think it's the first time we've met.
Maybe a past life
You may have been my wife in a previous life
Mr. Wu
If I lied to you
Will you be angry no
pity
I won't be angry with you.
In fact, the first time we met
At the Four Seasons Hotel
You were drugged that night
It's not a wooden bed with you
It was me.